# b-ID

With 195 countries in the world, each with its own ID standard, protocols and mainly, its own database, the conciliation costs for a simple foreign ID, crossing statistics or foreigner KYC are huge. Maintaining those offchain structures to store all that information is also a hefty procedure. The world being so culturally, economically, socially and politically diverse does also add to the pot. People however, are always people. We, the BID, propose a single ID standard across the globe, built upon a blockchain maintained by the participating countries. Why so many databases, when all can now share the same ledger? Also, Blockchain is the internet of value, so what if each BID global ID also carried currency? No more swifts and even the role of banks would be questioned, be they private ones, Central ones and even the International Bank for Settlements. Of course such a radical paradigm change would be far from easy, and even implementing the BID as a Global ID would be politically tricky, as read-write permissions on citizens between countries would bring security and privacy concerns. However, while such a tall task is debated, people's needs can't wait. So we propose that our project, or any similar, be used by the International Development Association agenda for 2020, by registering unregistered people on 30 empoverished countries, thus improving their statistical data and also use the chain's inherent value transfer capabilities to quickly, safely, transparently and efficiently alloacate the record USD 75 billion commitment to end empoverishment via the Chain. A tall dream, but a possible one now thanks to technology!
